# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `malloc`  
**Scheduled**: 10-08-19 00:00:00  
**Revision**: 8acccb059d228c8e33fb90d63dd1d9183bb686f2  
**Score**: **3.0** out of **6.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**tester-1**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-1 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.

stdout:
[mcontest]: STATUS: OK
[mcontest]: MAX: 44
[mcontest]: AVG: 44.000000
[mcontest]: TIME: 0.968593


stderr:
Memory was allocated, used, and freed!
```
---

**tester-2**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-2 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.

stdout:
[mcontest]: STATUS: OK
[mcontest]: MAX: 272629841
[mcontest]: AVG: 214958140.500002
[mcontest]: TIME: 2.716663


stderr:
Memory was allocated, used, and freed!
```
---

**tester-3**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-3 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.

stdout:
[mcontest]: STATUS: OK
[mcontest]: MAX: 1048657
[mcontest]: AVG: 1048569.622615
[mcontest]: TIME: 0.323692


stderr:
Memory was allocated and freed!
```
---

**tester-4**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-4 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Failed the test

stdout:
[mcontest]: STATUS: FAILED=(2)
[mcontest]: MAX: 1073743993
[mcontest]: AVG: 1051372369.833333
[mcontest]: TIME: 0.001464


stderr:
Memory failed to contain correct data after many allocations!
```
---

**tester-5**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-5 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Failed the test

stdout:
[mcontest]: STATUS: FAILED. SIGNAL=(11)
[mcontest]: MAX: 35511393
[mcontest]: AVG: 20313197.072547
[mcontest]: TIME: 0.024087


stderr:
```
---

**tester-6**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-6 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Failed the test

stdout:
[mcontest]: STATUS: FAILED=(1)
[mcontest]: MAX: 1073741905
[mcontest]: AVG: 858993532.200000
[mcontest]: TIME: 0.391479


stderr:
Memory regions overlap!
```
### Checksums

ae7ca576dd4924d7a3818a34c4060f25634911a2 alloc.c  
e564275769c257435e86ccba54aad48b6acc52ff nickname.txt


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


