# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `parallel_make`  
**Scheduled**: 11-04-19 19:07:00  
**Revision**: b6aa0d59b11d8622aae6d7038c59f09042e13831  
**Score**: **3.6** out of **27.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**basic_test_threaded**: Test that a dependency list gets printed correctly (but needs to be threaded this time)  
**0** out of **5.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Too slow! :( (took: 2.052s, limit: 1.3s)
```
---

**busywait_test**: Test busywait when using multiple threads on moderately parallel Makefile  
**2.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Too slow! :( (took: 1.534s, limit: 1.3s)
```
---

**hard_thread_test**: Test maximum parallelization (every rule is run as soon as dependencies satisfied) and general performance  
**0.0** out of **4.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Wrong order of output. Did not immediately execute rule despite available thread.
Found incorrect output (or wrong order of printouts?)
Too slow! :( (took: 1.842s, limit: 1.5s)
```
---

**memory_test**: Memory test  
**0.0** out of **0.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**part1_basic_test**: Test that target command gets run (for feedback only)  
**0.0** out of **0.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**part1_basic_test1**: Test that targets don't get run until dependencies are satisfied (for feedback only)  
**0.0** out of **0.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Timeout :(
```
---

**part1_basic_test2**: Test that a more complex dependencies list gets printed correctly (for feedback only)  
**0.0** out of **0.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Timeout :(
```
---

**part1_basic_test2_slow**: Test that a more complex dependencies list gets printed correctly and not too quickly for 1 thread (for feedback only)  
**0.0** out of **0.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Score: 0.0/1.0
Timeout :(
```
---

**part1_cycle_test**: Test that cycles are handled appropriately (graded)  
**0.6** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Failed to find correct output messages.
Timeout :(
```
---

**part1_fail_dependency_command_test**: Test that all parent dependencies stop when child dependency commands fail (for feedback only)  
**0.0** out of **0.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Timeout :(
```
---

**part1_failure_test**: Test correct commands are run when command fails (graded)  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**part1_target_test**: Test that only specified makefile targets get run (for feedback only)  
**0.0** out of **0.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**part1_touch_test**: Test that targets don't run if dependency not modified (graded)  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Timeout :(
```
---

**thread_test**: Test that ensure doing threading properly  
**0.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Timeout! T_T (limit: 2.0s)
```
---

**thread_test2**: Test that threading done properly with more involved makefile, part 2  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Timeout! T_T (limit: 3s)
```
---

**thread_test3**: Test that threading done properly with more involved makefile, part 2  
**0.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Too slow! :( (took: 5.065s, limit: 3.25s)
Could not find output in correct order (or extra printouts?)
```
---

**thread_test4**: Test that threading done properly with more involved makefile, part 3  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Could not find output in correct order (or extra printouts?)
Good performance! (took: 3.069s, limit: 3.25s)
```
---

**throughput_test**: Test expected throughput in trivial makefile for different thread counts  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Too slow! :( (took: 2.58s, limit: 1.5s)
Too slow! :( (took: 1.302s, limit: 1.1s)
Too slow! :( (took: 0.979s, limit: 0.8s)
```
---

**tsan_test**: Test that tsan doesn't throw warnings/errors  
**0.0** out of **0.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
### Checksums

b16d1d96abe96c712557c4a919cfa4f3a8230718 parmake.c


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


